# Abstract #

A windscreen wiper is a device that cleans the front window of a car of rain, snow, ice, washer fluid, water or debris. Almost all motor vehicles, including automobiles, trucks, buses, train locomotives, and cabin watercraft as well as some aircraft have one or more wipers.The major function of the wiper is to remove different fluid particles off the screen by wiping them out by moving in back and forth across the glass. The basic traditional windshield wiper speed constantly varies according to time and vehicle’s speed which not only require driver’s attention but also causes a certain level of discomfort to the driver and serves as a source of distraction and problem which increases the risk of accidents.So,we here are using a STM32F4 discovery borad,a ARM microcontroller to display the vehicle filtered control system.Also an automatic rain sensors are now a must to make drivers comfortable and reduce the risk of accidents. Although such devices are on the market, they are relatively popular in the automotive industry due to their high cost and other similar limitations. The purpose of this project was to promote another low cost model in the market while maintaining efficiency.Most of the car cables are driven by a DC motor but the STM32 discovery doesn't have a motor so here we are testing the use of LEDs in this application as a wiper control.The STM32 discovery board has 4 LEDs,a push button and a reset button. The colors of these LEDs are orange, green, red and blue. The current limiting resistor connects the four user LEDs to the PD12, PD13, PD14, and PD15 PORTD pins on the recovery board. GPIO pins are configured as digital input pins to enable the button on the STM32 controller. Press and hold the user button for 2 seconds and the LED will turn red. If the ignition key is in ACC.Rain sensors, microcontrollers, and driver integrated circuits(ICs) are key components used in the construction and operation of the proposed devices.The LED will also flash to indicate that the wiper is on.This device transforms hard manual labor into a smooth automation.
Wiper is an essential component that used to wipe the raindrops or any water from the windscreen. Wipers are designed
and made to clear the water from a windscreen. Most of cars have two wipers on the windscreen, one on the rear
window and the other on each headlight. The wiper parts visible from outside the car are the rubber blade, the wiper
arm holding the blade, a spring linkage, and parts of the wiper pivots. The wiper itself has about six parts called
pressure points or claws that are small arms under the wiper
## OBJECTIVE
The objective of the project is to make a car wiper control system using the STM32 board.In car, the wiper is controlled by using frequency,its reduces the accident rink
